Past Simple Tense (Regular Verbs)

Affirmative

Structure: S + V2/ed + ...

Test Case 1:

    Sentence: He washed his car last weekend.
    Transformed Sentence: Last weekend his car he washed.

    Sentence: I did it.
    Transformed Sentence: it   i did.

Negative

Structure: S + did not + V (base form)

Test Case 2:

    Sentence: She didn't finish her homework.
    Transformed Sentence: Her homework she didn't finish.

    Sentence: They did not arrive on time.
    Transformed Sentence: On            time    .they     did         not  arrive.

    Sentence: I did not watch the movie.
    Transformed Sentence: The movie I did not watch.

    Sentence: He did not pass the test.
    Transformed Sentence: The test he did not pass.

Interrogative

Structure: Did + S + V (base form)?

Test Case 3:

    Sentence: Did you eat breakfast this morning?
    Transformed Sentence: This morning breakfast you did eat?

    Sentence: Did she call you yesterday?
    Transformed Sentence: Yesterday you she did call?

    Sentence: Did he send you the email?
    Transformed Sentence: You the email he did send?

WH- Question

Structure: WH-word + did + S + V (base form)?

Test Case 4:

    Sentence: What did you do last weekend?
    Transformed Sentence: Last weekend what you did do?

    Sentence: Why did she cry?
    Transformed Sentence: Cry why she did?

    Sentence: When did he graduate from college?
    Transformed Sentence: College from he when did graduate?

Past Simple Tense (Verb "to be")

Affirmative

Structure: S + was/were + ...

Test Case 5:

    Sentence: I was late for the meeting.
    Transformed Sentence: For the meeting I was late.

    Sentence: They were happy at the party.
    Transformed Sentence: At the party happy they were.

    Sentence: It was a beautiful sunset.
    Transformed Sentence: A sunset beautiful it was.

    Sentence: We were excited about it.
    Transformed Sentence: It were about excited we.

Negative

Structure: S + was/were + not + ...

Test Case 6:

    Sentence: She was not at home yesterday.
    Transformed Sentence: Yesterday at home she was not.

    Sentence: He wasn't in the office.
    Transformed Sentence: In the office he wasn't.

    Sentence: She was not feeling well.
    Transformed Sentence: Well feeling she was not.

    Sentence: It was not a problem.
    Transformed Sentence: problem a it was not.

Interrogative

Structure: Was/Were + S + ...?

Test Case 7:

    Sentence: Was she sick last week?
    Transformed Sentence: Last sick week she was?

    Sentence: Were they busy yesterday?
    Transformed Sentence: Busy yesterday they were?

    Sentence: Was I right about the answer?
    Transformed Sentence: Right about the answer I was?

WH- Question

Structure: WH-word + was/were + S + ...?

Test Case 8:

    Sentence: Where were they on the weekend?
    Transformed Sentence: They on the weekend were where?

    Sentence: When were you in that city?
    Transformed Sentence: You in that city were when?

    Sentence: Where were they during the storm?
    Transformed Sentence: They during the storm were where?

    Sentence: Where were you during the earthquake?
    Transformed Sentence: You during the earthquake were where?
        